choose: update page (#8203)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/choose.md

- Print the 5th item from a line (starting from 0):

> `choose {{5}}`

Reviewer: This is technically the 6th thing. This should be reverted

> - Print the 0th, 3rd, and 5th item from a line, where items are separated by ':' instead of whitespace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Print the first, third, and fifth item from a line, where items are separated by ':' instead of whitespace:
```
